{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13560\viewh16620\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Below is the exact query I wrote out for AI. I kept it as detailed as possible in order to avoid making too many edits to the code:
\f1 \
\
I need to create a notification system that uses 
\f2\b composition
\f1\b0  so the notification behavior can be changed at runtime (in Java).\
\
First, create an interface named 
\fs26 NotificationMedium
\fs24  that defines the method 
\fs26 void send(String message);
\fs24 .\
Then create two concrete classes, 
\fs26 EmailService
\fs24  and 
\fs26 SMSService
\fs24 , that implement this interface. For this project, sending a message should simply print to the console (for example, 
\fs26 [EMAIL] message
\fs24 ).\
Next, create a container class called 
\fs26 AlertSystem
\fs24 . This class must contain a field of type 
\fs26 NotificationMedium
\fs24  and must use composition, not inheritance. The class needs a method 
\fs26 setMedium(NotificationMedium medium)
\fs24  that allows the notification service to be swapped at any time, and a method 
\fs26 notifyUser(String message)
\fs24  that calls the 
\fs26 send
\fs24  method of whichever medium is currently active. Inside 
\fs26 AlertSystem
\fs24 , use an 
\fs26 ArrayList<String>
\fs24  to maintain a session log of all messages sent, and include a getter method to retrieve that log.\
The program must also include a 
\fs26 public static void main(String[] args)
\fs24  method. In 
\fs26 main
\fs24 , create an 
\fs26 AlertSystem
\fs24 , set the medium to Email, send at least one message, switch the medium to SMS, send another message, and then print the session log. Provide professional JavaDocs for the interface, classes, constructors, and methods, using tags such as 
\fs26 @author
\fs24 , 
\fs26 @param
\fs24 , and 
\fs26 @return
\fs24  when appropriate. Keep the implementation simple, avoid advanced Java features, use clear variable names, and include helpful comments. \
Return the solution as four separate files: 
\fs26 NotificationMedium.java
\fs24 , 
\fs26 EmailService.java
\fs24 , 
\fs26 SMSService.java
\fs24 , and 
\fs26 AlertSystem.java
\fs24 .\
\
\

\f0 The coding output was almost exactly what I asked for. I did have to add the import myself and rename some variables. Functionally, it did what I asked it to.\
I updated and added some comments so that it\'92d be more clear on what each variable was for and what each function is doing.\
}